recently the fairly reliable Apple
analyst Ming Shi quo talked about the
possibility of a 16 inch MacBook Pro
coming out this year and the idea of a
16 inch MacBook Pro got a lot of people
excited like publications are talking
about how it's gonna look beautiful it's
gonna be bezel is like that's great null
but I think the more important question
is why why is Apple making a 16 inch or
16 and a half inch device and it's not
because like that extra screen inch is
gonna change the world it's I have a
different theory I have a belief and
this is something that I want to make a
video on before they even made this
announcement and it's because they have
a huge problem with the current MacBook
Pro design so when they came out with
the 13 and 15 inch MacBook Pros in 2016
they were very beautiful like they just
looked like such elegant machines and
people loved them but they had thermal
issues right from the beginning they
just couldn't run the CPUs as hard as
they wanted to and even the graphics
chips that they were putting in these
laptops were not super powerful because
these really thin laptops can only cool
things so well and then 2017 rolled by
same issue but then 2018 rolled by and
Intel came out with these really
powerful CPUs they have these six core
CPUs and you really start to see the
limitations of a super thin chassis like
everyone likes a nice looking computer
right we all get it
but when you make them this thin you
just run into problems when it comes to
cooling these devices and this year
intel has their new ninth gen mobile
CPUs and they have an 8 core chip the 99
ATH and this is a sepia that's going to
be very powerful the Windows laptops
will be able to use it and just push
that some really awesome performance
with it if you try to take that chip an
eight-core mobile Intel CPU and you try
to stick it into a 15-inch MacBook Pro
right now like the current designs it's
not happening there's no way they were
able to cool that thing properly so this
is the fundamental reason why I think
Apple is making the new 16 inch MacBook
Pro to get rid of this thermally limited
like trap that they've built for
themselves when they built that 15 inch
macbook pro intel had these four core
cpus and when you looked at the road map
back then in 2016 it looked like until
was gonna make these smaller chips that
were more power efficient and would be
able to be cooled in a chassis
like that but in 2019 we know now
there's no way like their CPUs run quite
hot they draw a lot of power and it just
needs a completely new chassis to fit
that stuff in and then if you take a
look at the graphics side of things
the current MacBook Pros that have Vegas
16 and Vega 20 options those are pretty
good like they're better than last
year's options but compared to what is
available on the market like if you look
at what NVIDIA has and what AMD has down
the pipeline you're gonna need some way
better cooling to deal with those new
upcoming GPUs so this whole idea of
building a different chassis I'm all for
it they need it and they're gonna
deliver it now I'm gonna mention one
other thing power so power delivery on
the current 15-inch MacBook Pros they
use an 87 watt adapter that connects
over USB see but if Apple builds a new
16 inch MacBook Pro they have the option
of doing something custom right the way
that Dell did they have a hundred and
thirty watt adapter that also connects
over USB see you're just able to do so
much more when you build a new system
like this better thermals better power
delivery better everything I think in
the current state of the mobile like
workstation and mobile professional
device market like they got to do
something and I think they have a chance
of making something good if if they're
smart okay hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs we liked it
subs if you'd love to see you guys next
time